Docs: Update node graph docs (#35196)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/visualizations/node-graph.md

> **Note:** This panel is currently in beta. Expect changes in future releases.

> The _Node graph_ can visualize directed graphs or networks. It uses directed force layout to effectively position the nodes, so it can help with displaying complex infrastructure maps, hierarchies or execution diagrams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Node graph_ can visualize directed graphs or networks. It uses a directed force layout to effectively position the nodes, so it can display complex infrastructure maps, hierarchies, or execution diagrams.
```

### Nodes

> > **Note:** At this moment node graph can show only 1,500 nodes. If this limit is crossed a warning will be visible in upper right corner, and some nodes will be hidden. You can expand hidden parts of the graph by clicking on the "Hidden nodes" markers in the graph.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Node graph can show only 1,500 nodes. If this limit is crossed a warning will be visible in upper right corner, and some nodes will be hidden. You can expand hidden parts of the graph by clicking on the "Hidden nodes" markers in the graph.
```

Usually, nodes show two statistical values inside the node and two identifiers just below the node, usually name and type. Nodes can also show another set of values as a color circle around the node, with sections of different color represents different values that should add up to 1.

> For example, you can have percentage of errors represented by red portion of the circle. Additional details can be displayed in a context menu when which is displayed when you click on the node. There also can be additional links in the context menu that can target either other parts of Grafana or any external link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can have the percentage of errors represented by a red portion of the circle. Additional details can be displayed in a context menu which is displayed when you click on the node. There also can be additional links in the context menu that can target either other parts of Grafana or any external link.
```

### Pan

You can pan the view by clicking outside any node or edge and dragging your mouse.

### Zoom in or out

Use the buttons in the upper left corner or use the mouse wheel, touchpad scroll, together with either Ctrl or Cmd key to zoom in or out.

### Explore hidden nodes

> Number of nodes shown at a given time is limited to maintain reasonable performance of the visualisation. Nodes that are not currently visible are hidden behind clickable markers that show approximate number of hidden nodes that are connected by particular edge. You can click on the marker to expand the graph around that node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of nodes shown at a given time is limited to maintain a reasonable visualization performance. Nodes that are not currently visible are hidden behind clickable markers that show an approximate number of hidden nodes that are connected by a particular edge. You can click on the marker to expand the graph around that node.
```

![Node graph exploration](/static/img/docs/node-graph/node-graph-exploration-8-0.png "Node graph exploration")

### Grid view

> You can switch to grid view to have a better overview of the most interesting nodes in the graph. Grid view show nodes in a grid without edges and can be sorted by stats shown inside the node or by stats represented by colored border of the nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can switch to the grid view to have a better overview of the most interesting nodes in the graph. Grid view shows nodes in a grid without edges and can be sorted by stats shown inside the node or by stats represented by the a colored border of the nodes.
```

![Node graph grid](/static/img/docs/node-graph/node-graph-grid-8-0.png "Node graph grid")

> To sort the nodes click the on the stats inside the legend. Marker next to the stat name shows which stat is currently used for sorting and sorting direction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sort the nodes, click on the stats inside the legend. The marker next to the stat name shows which stat is currently used for sorting and sorting direction.
```

![Node graph legend](/static/img/docs/node-graph/node-graph-legend-8-0.png "Node graph legend")

> Click on the node and select "Show in Graph layout" option to switch back to default layout and focus on the selected node, to show it in context of the full graph.

Reviewer: Not clear what is being done. Maybe define "default" layout and mention this step will help you switch back to default layout.

Author: Maybe `to switch back to graph layout`? We already have graph layout in the button/link so maybe that would be better. I use "default" or "graph" layout for the initial way the graph is shown as opposite to "grid" layout to which you can explicitly switch.

Reviewer: Yes, makes sense. Thanks!
